Update README to reflect recent changes (#80)
LordLuceus/melvin: README.md

### Usage

`roll` is the main dice rolling command. The dice parser is very advanced and supports many different types of dice notation. Here are some examples of what you can do:

- `/roll d20` - The standard die roll. You can roll up to 999 dice with any number of sides.
- `/roll 4d8+5` - Roll dice with a modifier.
- `/roll 2d20kh1+13` - Roll and keep the highest result (D&D 5e advantage).
- `/roll 2d20dl1+13` - Roll and drop the lowest result - effectively the same as above.
- `/roll 2d20kl1+13` - Roll and keep the lowest result (5e disadvantage).
- `/roll 2d20dh1+13` - Roll and drop the highest - again, same as above.
- `/roll 1d10!` - Exploding dice.
- `/roll 1d10!!` - Compounding dice (explode and add the rolls together).
- `/roll 8d6min2` - Roll and treat anything below a 2 as a 2 (5e Elemental Adept feat).
- `/roll 4d10max6` - Treat anything above a 6 as a 6.
- `/roll d20r+7` - Reroll on a 1, keep rerolling until the result isn't a 1.
- `/roll d20ro+7` - Reroll only once, even if the second roll is also a 1 (lucky halflings).
- `/roll d20r<10` - Reroll on anything less than a 10.
- `/roll 4d6>=4` - A 4 and above is a success.

> - `/roll 4d6=5` - Can you roll exactly a 5/

Reviewer: @shane12300  Change the slash at the end of this to a question mark.

- `/roll 4dF` - Fudge/fate dice.
- `/roll (14+6)*17` - Do maths.
- `/roll 8d8*2` - Do maths with dice.
- `/roll floor(8d6/2)` - Devils are resistent to fire - half damage rounded down.

Note that the modifiers which affect the dice rolls themselves (min, max, k etc) must come before any numerical modifiers (+4). So: `/roll 2d20kh1+9` is valid, but `/roll 2d20+9kh1` is not.

The roll command has several options that you can make use of.   The first of these is the repeat option.   To use this option to roll 4d6kh3 6 times (dnd stat generation), you should do the following:

> 1. type `/roll`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Type `/roll`.
```

2. type in the dice you wish to roll, `4d6kh3`.
3. Hit down arrow and click the repeat option.

> 4. Type in the amount of times you wish to roll these dice, `6`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Type in the amount of times you wish to roll these dice: `6`.
```

5. Hit enter.   The output should look as follows:

> 4d6kh3: [3, 5, 1d, 4] = 12

Reviewer: Enclose the example output (lines 41 - 46) in a code block (```).

4d6kh3: [1d, 4, 4, 6] = 14
4d6kh3: [5, 4, 1d, 3] = 12
4d6kh3: [4, 6, 3d, 5] = 15
4d6kh3: [1d, 1, 2, 6] = 9
4d6kh3: [5d, 5, 5, 6] = 16

> The other option, output, under the roll command allows you to output information about the dice you have specified.   It can output the minimum, maximum or average rolls you can get with that dice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other option, output, allows you to output information about the dice you have specified. It can output the minimum, maximum, or average rolls you can get with those dice.
```

> ### Saving rolls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Roll Shortcuts
```

- `/roll d20ro+7` - Reroll only once, even if the second roll is also a 1 (lucky halflings).
- `/roll d20r<10` - Reroll on anything less than a 10.
- `/roll 4d6>=4` - A 4 and above is a success.
- `/roll 4d6=5` - Can you roll exactly a 5?
- `/roll 4dF` - Fudge/fate dice.
- `/roll (14+6)*17` - Do maths.
- `/roll 8d8*2` - Do maths with dice.
- `/roll floor(8d6/2)` - Devils are resistent to fire - half damage rounded down.

Note that the modifiers which affect the dice rolls themselves (min, max, k etc) must come before any numerical modifiers (+4). So: `/roll 2d20kh1+9` is valid, but `/roll 2d20+9kh1` is not.

> The roll command has several options that you can make use of. The first of these is the repeat option. To use this option to roll 4d6kh3 6 times (dnd stat generation), you should do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The roll command has several options that you can make use of. The first of these is the repeat option. For example, to use this option to roll 4d6kh3 six times (D&D stat generation), do the following:
```

1. Type `/roll`.
2. Type in the dice you wish to roll: `4d6kh3`.
3. Hit down arrow and choose the repeat option.
4. Type in the amount of times you wish to roll these dice: `6`.
5. Hit enter. The output should look as follows:
```
4d6kh3: [3, 5, 1d, 4] = 12
4d6kh3: [1d, 4, 4, 6] = 14
4d6kh3: [5, 4, 1d, 3] = 12
4d6kh3: [4, 6, 3d, 5] = 15
4d6kh3: [1d, 1, 2, 6] = 9
4d6kh3: [5d, 5, 5, 6] = 16
```

> The other option, output, under the roll command allows you to output information about the dice you have specified. It can output the minimum, maximum or average rolls you can get on that dice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output option allows you to output information about the dice you have specified. It can output the minimum, maximum, or the average roll  that is possible with those dice.
```

### Roll Shortcuts

You can also save rolls that you use often to allow you to reroll them quickly. These roll shortcuts are tied both to you and the server. This means that you can have the same shortcut on multiple servers and have them all be different rolls.
To do this, type `/save`, press enter, enter the name, e.g. fireball, press enter, type in the roll, e.g. 6d6, and hit enter.
To roll it, simply type `/roll fireball`.

> The `list` and `clear` command allow you to interact with your saved rolls. The `list` command lists all saved rolls and the `clear` command clears all saved rolls. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `list` and `clear` commands allow you to interact with your roll shortcuts. The `list` command lists all saved rolls and the `clear` command clears the specified shortcut, or all of them if not specified. 
```

> The `clear` command can take an optional argument of a roll name and will clear that roll. 

Reviewer: Delete this.
